Ji Won.
Your phone has been ringing inside your bag.
I came here just in case.
I knew she'd be sleeping.
Did she attack you?
You're not hurt, right?
Of course not.
Let's go. I'm cooking noodles.
When do you think it began...
to feel like I haven't seen you in ages?
The feelings that I tried to hide
cannot be kept a secret anymore.
Goodnight.
It feels like the whole universe
is filled with your warmth.
You become curious about that person,
and you want that person
to stay next to you...
as your mind starts to grow.
Hello, it's Jeong Ji Yeong
from "Movie Tonight".
The fact that you want that
person to be right next to you...
doesn't necessarily mean
that you're being greedy.
As a character from an
animation movie said,
"We weren't together
because we were in love."
"We are together so that
we can love each other more."
(The seventh story: P.S. I Love You)
(Episode 13)
I thought summer would never end,
but the weather's cooling at last.
I love the cool breeze.
That won't last for long.
The things we like tend
to think highly of themselves.
I still prefer the bright sunshine.
The cold weather makes my bones ache.
Only wine is good when aged.
I'm worth less than wine.
Ms. Kim, there's something I'd always wanted to ask you.
What is it?
Do people believe you when you say you're Jin Jin's mom?
What?
Because you look more like her older sister.
I should take the beef out to thaw.
- Why? - For breakfast tomorrow,
I'll cook your favorite beef and radish soup.
Great. Thank you very much.
Are these for the living room?
- Give them to me. - No, I'll take them.
I can carry this much on my own.
Wrap up so you don't catch a cold.
I will. Thank you. Goodnight.
(The Four Bongos)
A shark got pinched by a lobster
Sa Jin Jin.
Sorry.
I found this and got so excited...
that I lost my mind and rushed up here.
- Sorry, I'll leave. - Wait.
Give me a moment.
Where are my noodles?
The water's boiling.
You drank too much.
I'm allowed to drink on a day like this,
you close-minded witch.
- I got a job. - What?
Over in Yangjae-dong.
The biggest building there.
As a security guard?
They'll give me 1,300 dollars a month.
You can keep it all.
Thanks so much.
You can stop looking down on me.
When did I look down on you?
Then why aren't you bringing me my noodles?
I'll bring you 100 bowls.
I like the sound of that.
"I, Jang Young Shim, will now jaywalk whenever I want."
"I don't care if people stop me."
"I'll ignore the lights and run like crazy."
"No to studying late in the library. We're going to sing."
Young Shim was...
such a troublemaker in school.
Just look who texted me right now.
- She'll be at the playground in 10. - Okay.
Were you preparing for a competition?
What?
You sound like people trying to gain weight.
Look, every single day.
Here, here, here.
You know the place.
"Cheeky Snacks" across the footbridge.
I know the place.
Their tteokbokki, dumplings, and jjolmyeon were the best.
I hated waking up, but I went to school...
just to eat there.
The atmosphere was great.
There was a huge Titanic poster.
Right. Didn't you like DiCaprio before you liked my brother?
They have nothing in common.
They both have soulful eyes and looked young for their age.
Did they?
Right. DiCaprio's new movie is out.
- They said it's fun. - Is it?
- Shall we watch it if you're free? - Sure.
"Tteokbokki, dumplings, jjolmyeon, gimbab,"
"soondae, ramyeon, and pork cutlet."
That's 1 meal for you 3?
You were trying to bulk up.
Yes.
What? Did you take a break this day?
We couldn't have. We skipped everything,
but we never skipped eating tteokbokki.
Girls, pray for me.
I want my sister, Ho Sung, to end up in a firepit.
I never thought someone could be so cruel.
I bet you'll get sick, Ho Sung.
I'll curse you so you do.
I'll never forgive you.
- Did you wear her clothes again? - Yes.
You even wrote a will.
Asking us to bury her alive with you.
Did I?
Right. How is your sister doing?
Does she still paint? Is she married?
You know...
My sister...
Ji Won.
Do you know the kind of love...
that can never end even when...
one person ends it...
and announces their farewell?
My parents searched every main street...
and bus terminal to find my sister.
They went on looking for years.
Min Ho says he grew tall because he ate so much noodles.
I became a celebrity because of my sister.
When Mr. Jang first came to see me,
I said I didn't want to act.
Me? No way.
But Dad told me to have a go.
Mom was against all the hard work,
but Dad told me to do it.
I bet he thought...
seeing me on TV would make her change her mind.
That it would make her come home.
Mom and Dad still live with that burden.
We don't know if she's dead or alive.
Mom survives with the one belief that...
no news is good news.
Ho Sung was such a model student.
That good girl...
What is love?
What is love? As you know, I don't know about such things.
I'm not qualified to give an answer.
What?
My engagement fell apart.
A week before the wedding.
Sorry.
I said that to comfort you.
The people we love all leave us.
I hate that.
Married life is like living with Hades.
That's why I announced never to marry.
Why all of a sudden?
It's not sudden.
- I thought about it... - And gave up?
Or she's being silly.
Wrong, wrong. You're both wrong.
Ji Won. What do you think of me, objectively speaking?
- Aren't I capable? - Of course, you are.
- Aren't I smart? - A genius.
My looks and figure?
- Very admirable. - See? See?
I lack nothing, but it all means nothing once you marry.
I'll use what few eggs I have left to produce a child,
raise the wailing offspring,
ad cook a feast on every holiday.
Then I'll fry jeon all day long, feeling empty. Instead of that,
I choose not to get married.
I'll keep a dog, travel the world,
and use my credit card to my limit.
Sounds great.
Really?
In that case, can you buy me a bag?
- What? - Get me one. I don't have anything.
You do have one. I thought you bought one last month in Hong Kong.
That's a shoulder bag.
You got another one two months ago with your bonus.
That's a tote bag. I need something casual.
Get me one. You're rich.
All of a sudden?
- Get me one. Do you want one too? - What?
Okay, get one for both me and Young Shim.
She's this woman from church. She's a teacher,
tall enough, and good-looking.
I've been keeping my eyes on her to set her up with you.
Do you want to meet her?
No, thanks.
Why not? You should.
- I'm sorry. - You must have someone.
- No. - I think you do.
Who is it?
No one.
This is good.
Is it okay?
It's awesome.
- Mom, don't make your own son sad. - What's wrong?
After he came, you made different soup every single morning,
made meat dishes, and started using all these plates.
I thought I was at the Palace of Versailles.
How do I look? Do I look like a French prince?
Goodness.
Oh, right. Make some time on Wednesday.
Why?
I want to go on a trip with you two.
What kind of trouble have you gotten yourself into?
I can already tell.
Ji Won.
He won a travel voucher at his part-time job.
He said he'll take you two on a trip.
My goodness.
Don't you have any dried seaweed?
We're completely out.
- I'll get some later. - Dried seaweed.
We have other side dishes.
Dried seaweed!
I'll buy some now.
I'll go.
No, I'll be quick. You can eat.
No, I'll go.
Look at what you've done.
How can you serve seaweed soup to someone who's going out to work?
- Goodness. - Look at her.
Stop.
She'll get fat.
Mom.
I'm halfway to 70 right now. Can you show me some respect?
It's very cheap of you to do this with food.
Right, Dad?
Of course. She has a very Asian face,
so she won't be as pretty if she loses weight.
- I'm still pretty, right? - Of course, you're my daughter.
Goodness, look at you. The two Hans have teamed up.
You weigh over 60kg, don't you?
A bit.
I've never weighed over 50kg over the course of my life.
You aren't even married. How can you weigh over 60kg?
I'm not eating this anymore.
What's gotten into you? I'm glad.
What's with you?
I'm eating bread.
I'm going to Busan for a seminar.
Don't worry about it. You're always too concerned.
Yes, I love you too.
Tell my other sisters I love them too.
Oh, right, and to Seok.
Ms. Han, Song Joong Ki just boarded onto the flight to Hong Kong.
They said he's not human. He's like a sculpture.
Really? That's amazing.
And Jung Yun Ho will be on their night flight.
Good for them. Tell them to treat us to dinner.
Exactly. I envy them.
I hope someone gets on our flight too.
How about Kang Daniel? Ji Sung? Or Jo In Sung?
That's Jung Woo Sung.
Where? Where's Jung Woo Sung?
Over there.
Ah Reum!
- Hello. - Why are you here?
Are you on this flight today? That's amazing.
You're here?
Who's that?
- Forget about it. - How can I?
I saw the way you two looked at each other.
I got you, Ms. Han.
He was definitely...
flirting.
You! You're doing it again.
Jin Jin. Sa Jin Jin.
Yes, come in.
- These are from Ms. Kim. - You can eat those. I'm busy.
Eat it all.
Okay.
Make sure you chew well. Chew 10 times each.
What's your plan today? Do you want to go watch...
I have to go to the press conference.
What?
What are you doing today again?
The press conference for "We Got Married".
Make sure you do well.
What did you say?
I have meetings all day long.
- Make sure you do well. - Okay.
While you're seated, keep your seatbelts on for safety.
If you have any questions, let our flight attendants know.
And smoking is completely prohibited on flight.
Thank you.
That pervert is making me so angry.
The guy at 18D?
Could you please keep the window open?
Sir, do you need anything?
Never mind.
I have your newspaper.
The same guy who always complains, right?
He's infamous.
He complained for our response time and for our facial expressions.
Then he said we were only nice to the person next to him.
I wonder what he'll complain about today.
(We Got Married)
There are a lot of reporters here.
Really?
Did you take your medication?
Sure.
How can you not take it? I even got it for you.
Should I even put it in your mouth then?
All right.
Take the medication. That's my wish.
Sure, sure.
You're impossible.
Jin Jin, you need to get ready.
- Okay. - Okay.
Where's your ring?
I don't remember where I put it. Do you have it?
It's not like it has legs. I couldn't find it.
Goodness.
Okay, then.
Hello, Jin Jin.
Hello.
Oh, my gosh.
Have you been well?
Yes, very well.
Could you excuse me? I left my pen in there.
Your pen? I have a pen right here. Jin Jin!
That's why she couldn't find it.
Even search units won't be able to find that.
Let's go.
This fall,
the popular program, "We Are Married",
will return to the viewers with season five.
Who do you think would be the couples...
that will be in love with each other during this love-filled season?
We will reveal...
the hidden couples right now.
Please give them a big hand.
(We Are Married Season 5, Production Presentation)
They're entering one by one.
Yes.
I'm sure...
you wouldn't have expected to see some of them here.
We'll introduce them first.
I'm sure you wouldn't have...
expected to see this couple.
This is Anthony from Boys Be Ambitious,
one of the first boy bands in Korea.
And this is Sa Jin Jin, the best actress in Korea.
Please show us some affectionate poses.
- Yes. - Right.
They look adorable.
Can you pose for us arm in arm?
Yes.
They're an enthusiastic couple.
I'm looking forward to watching...
their episodes on the program.
("We Are Married, Season 5" Reveals New Couples!)
(Sa Jin Jin and Anthony, How They Became Married)
What are you looking at?
- Why are you here? - I was just passing by.
Why did you come to work on a Sunday?
It's because you don't have a girlfriend.
- What about you then? - Ji Won.
I just came back from a blind date.
I had pasta and drank coffee with her.
But she left after only an hour and 25 minutes.
Gosh, I don't feel well. Do you want to go see a movie?
More than four million people watched DiCaprio's new movie.
I don't want to.
I know. It's not your kind of movie.
I'd have to watch in between couples by myself then.
Let me see. When should I go there?
- Do you want the tickets? - What?
I have tickets for this evening. Wait a moment.
Thank you.
(Message)
Where did you get it? It's an advance ticket...
for two.
Gosh, is this...
Between your fellow actress Jung Da Young and your wife Ji Soo,
who's closer to your ideal type?
Well, this is a secret.
I was just joking. Of course, it's Ji Soo.
Don't you think Jung Da Young would get jealous because of this?
I won't let her read the article.
I want to ask you one more question.
Did you perhaps exchange numbers...
or meet privately?
As we are married,
we do meet privately and contact each other often.
I want to ask something to the Anthony and Sa Jin Jin couple.
Jin Jin, you revealed recently that you've never dated anyone before.
But you got married first.
There's no middle ground for me.
They say living 10,000 days without dating anyone turns you into...
a dragon.
I've been single for 12,000 days.
I couldn't date someone nor become a dragon.
Thank you for saving me from becoming a python.
It's a great honor.
I'm Reporter Jung Yong Jin from "Datchpatch".
I've heard that you have been a fan of Anthony for a long time.
It's a well-known story that you debuted because of him.
Yes.
When I refused President Jang's offer,
he suggested a special offer.
He told me he'd let me take a photo with him. Just the two of us.
How could I refuse that offer?
I still have that photo in my room.
Anthony, you must feel so happy...
to have a fan like Jin Jin.
You're ranked first on real-time search ranking.
It's been a while since you've been on real-time search ranking, right?
Yes, that's true.
At this rate, I think you would have thought...
at least once...
that you should just get a free ride alongside her.
What do you think?
Yes, I have.
I know well enough.
Even if we're not really getting married,
I know that I don't deserve to be Jin Jin's partner.
Jin Jin is one of the most popular stars in Korea,
but I...
But you know how often I've been...
given the role of a manager in morning dramas.
I'm like Exo to older women.
When I was first cast in this program,
I was surprised that I was paired up with Jin Jin.
And seeing as I couldn't sleep at all that night,
I must have had...
such an ambition.
But after I met Jin Jin, I didn't think about that at all.
I had no time to think about that.
Why not?
It's because I became her fan.